6. mel-spectrogram shader
NOTES FOR THIS: now able to get a color at each y. Need something for x spacing, then move to scroll, add fbBufferSize to uniforms if not already there, need per pixel array read/writes now, 

FINAL POLISH FOR 1.0.0:
1. proper security pass for all of these strings from glsl, spec, and file pathing
2. do one more run of finalizing which Interp/Collate modes will be available
3. refactor, profile, and optimize to finish as standalone for linux
4. test memory use: when program is running, in another console enter:
cat /proc/$(pgrep audio_vis)/smaps_rollup
5. look into speed diffs between clang and gcc (reminder: stb_image might only use SIMD on GCC when using the -msse2 flag)
6. pi target notes: need Mesa's V3DV driver, how will audio pass through happen?, check its device listings,
7. need hella more documentation in code and in repo for shader authors and general users
8. more shader examples showing everything this can do
9. more error handling to catch spec values outside of type ranges

DOCUMENTATION NOTES:
The only reason a shader will be skipped rather than present an error message will if the frag.glsl cannot be found or opened.

Future additions:
1. allow for user defined fftSize and overlap percentage
1. get parentheses actually working in the expression parser
2. stb_truetype integration for user defined fonts
3. look into a wayland fullscreen and window pos workaround, or if its necessary at all
4. timed shuffle mode(pressing a button opens a dialog box, user enters a time? or may want to wait to add until I have an application wide config in task 7)
5. put hot reload notifictations on a bg thread with inotify/ReadDirectoryChangesW wrapper (profile this and make sure the context switches don't outweigh the savings). Also, try and get it to recognize a new directory being created and add it to presets array
6. windows build(AudioCapture and CMake will require the largest changes, but should be mostly painless)
7. utility exes and a config.ini for device(audio & video) listing/choosing. maybe done through a dropdown menu of the audio_vis.exe?
8. More possible smoothing modes: Research for high end smoothing: precollation smoothing(super spency), weighted collation(wont do much without log bin grouping), log bin grouping with overlap(spency), or second smoothing pass on high end with the interp again
9. better sample rate changes(disallow resampling at any level and detect changes)(this would only be necessary or relevant for a user that needs the highest quality, but is changing their hardware sample rate mid session. The analysis still works currently, but it analyzes resampled audio by either the OS internal audio processes(pipewire, pulse, winapi) or miniaudio in certain scenarios(alsa, certain windows configs))
10. trim all but what is used from miniaudio.h to chill out the binary size
11. Allow for user defined uniforms that could be adjusted by midi, key input, or ui
12. pre-built widgets(meters, mel-bin, etc.)
13. Allow export of current setup in standalone to VST3 with midi driven shader swaps. no JUCE, straight up steinbergSDK use.

Done This Week:
1. Shader to test feedback buffer, bitmap font, and textures
2. made feedback buffer scale with width, height, or resolution
3. did the same for the customFFTSize
3. Cleaned up customFFTSize modes dramatically
4. fixed smooth value and bitmap text bugs
5. fft now has ability to ouput power, along with magnitude and decibels
6. Power, mag, or db setting can be configured in the spec now. All output modes can do this now.
7. added high end interpolation smoothing second pass strats. still needs testing. REMOVED.
8. big ole 400 line refactor out of av_bridge
9. expression evaluation now works for the sizes and can use select variables that aren't known at compile time
10. HOPEFULLY finalized spec and spec parser aside from reworking the error handling and possibly trimming down some of the enum options
11. main refactoring, will still need more later, but no use until its finalized
12. now keep track of h/w and displayhz dependencies to decide if swap is necessary
13. removed possibility of multiple swaps per frame
14. set usage bitset with each bit related to each user defined var used in parser, eval, spec, and main to more effictively know when to swap and easily scale
15. finished specAssert logic in shader_loader: bounds checking on numeric values is all thats needed, everything else is handled in the parsing. Just warnings for double reliance on width and height by using the scale mode and having the var in the expression, and hard limits on custom buffer sizes (fft size for custom fft and a 4k frame buffer for feedback(which is probably way more than should be allowed))
16. size assertions for user defined buffer sizes on every swap
17. complete rework of parsing, hot reloading, error handling, and error display. :(
18. expression parsing now exception free by using member string to pass in error message
19. updated specs to work with new spec rules
20. error handling now has a character based text wrap
21. new uniforms and a refactor to make changing them only happen in one place
22. refactor uniforms so adding one isn't such a pain
23. Uniform changes: fftSize, fftBinAmt, newAudioWindow, and renamed numBins to fftArrSize
24. optimized shader preset to only hold one path
25. whittled main() down from 400 lines to 80. Made several new classes in the process
26. reworked error handling again(tell user to check log for more details and show file source for the error if it requires an error log). 
27. moved hot reload check to ShaderSystem and a few load helpers to shader loader. Now main is only 3 helpers and the primary function
28. private/public pass on all the new structs/classes
29. test multi monitor setup(should be fine with new framebuffer check each frame)
30. made vertex shader more generic to allow for helper functions to let users pick between working in uv, px, or ndc space
31. Added shuffle button(when pressed, random next shader) to input handler

officially in second to last phase!!!!!
current loc(without spec.cfg's and frag.glsl's): 3711
